# Medieval-War
The purpose and inspiration to create this project was to create a simplier variant of a Medieval-themed game, like Clash Of Clans, where Nobles and Protectors can be created so that Protectors can be hired by some Nobles to create themselves a strong army for battle, while some Nobles don't need an army for battle, but only their own strength. In this game there are two nobles, Lords and Solo fighters (PersonWithStrength). Lords are created with no power of their own and can hire any protectors they desire to add to their army to increase their strength. Meanwhile, a PersonWithStrength can't hire any protectors and are created with a specific amount of power that they use in battle. Protectors that Lords can hire are, Wizards and Warriors, and Warriors that can be hired are Archers and Swordsmen. 

In the main function of the test code, Nobles and Protectors are created, Protectors are hired and fired by Lords, Nobles battle each other, and Protectors can runaway from their Noble. If a Protector is already hired by a Lord then another Lord can't hire them. If a Lord is dead then they can no longer hire a Protector. 

To build this project, I used C++ and CLion to write the program. The string, vector, and iostream headers were included in this project. We created a parent class Noble and a parent class Protector to first create the methods and data members for the Nobles and Protectors that would be shared in the child classes. Using inheritance we created child classes for different types of Nobles and different types of Protectors. Using runtime polymorphism, we created some member functions of the base classes as virtual functions, so that they can be overridden in the derived classes for their own unique purposes. 
